Six floors of death

"Whiskey rocks" - I said as I pulled the chair back to sit down. The bartender took a long look at me before getting my drink. An unfamiliar man in a black coat, wearing black leather gloves with a black hat partially covering his face didn't really promise a quiet, uneventful evening. 
"What brings you here?" -he asked, as he was setting my drink down.
"Crime" - I responded shortly.
A concerning look appeared on his face. He took one step back and slowly began to distance himself - he suddenly lost interest in talking to me. It was never my intention to scare him, but to make him want to leave me alone. I didn't really care for small talk at the moment.
I looked down at my watch – 10:15 pm. „It's still quite early“, I thought. Since nobody was bothering me, I decided to stay there for a while. I could use some time for myself. I sat there quietly, looking down at the ice in my glass. I wasn't having the best of my days. 
My mind started to wander. Working as a homicide detective I had seen humanity at its very worst. I saw murders of every imaginable sort. People killed with guns, knives, poison. Husbands killing wives, and wives killing husbands. Children killing parents, friends killing friends, and people killing strangers. Sometimes to rob them, sometimes for no reason at all.
And earlier that day, I saw what I had never seen before. I lost a partner I had worked alongside with for the past seven years. I thought I would be used to seeing murder, but this one was different. This one was personal. I never thought anything like that could ever happen to either of us, we were way to careful and experienced at the job to make a life-ending mistake. I didn't realise it before, but it only needed to happen once.
My partner Leon and I were working on this case for a long time. We were after Kai, the guy responsible for most of large illegal drug operations which took place in England. Over the years, he had created the most sophisticated drug network England had ever seen. We were after him for more than 3 years now, it was the most important case for Leon and I. 
We barely had any success bringing his operation to an end. We had shut down some small local operations led by Kai, but that for him meant nothing. When we would shut down one gang which was selling his drugs, he would soon after set up a new distribution channel in the area and continue as if nothing ever happened. We knew that we needed to get to him directly if we wanted to put an end to this. 
Last month, we arrested a leader of one of the gangs Kai was working with. We persuaded him into telling us everything he knew about his boss. He promised to tell us everything he knew in exchange for immunity.
- „Kai is able to run the whole operation from a remote location because he lets his people handle different parts of the business. He just overlooks everything and gives out orders.“ – he said.
- „Because he can't leave England, he would change his address often to mislead the authorities. Currently, he is hiding in Brentwood, a small town not far from London.“ 
He even knew exactly where he lived at the moment: „He called me a few weeks ago to meet up with him at his flat. He wanted me to lead a major drug smuggling operation he was planning“. 
Kai was planning to expand his business overseas.
- „But you better hurry, he won't be staying in Brentwood for much longer.“ he said, „He is planning to relocate again in a few days.“
- „Don't worry“ Leon replied smirkingly, „We are going over there tonight.“
Leon wasn't the kind of person to get excited over every little clue we got. After years of failure, he became sceptical and almost pessimistic. He started to think that every lead we got on Kai would be another dead end. But this time, he was visibly exhilarated. 
- „Finally, we are onto him. It was bound to happen some day, somebody had to rat him out“. 
- „We shouldn't get too excited“ I said, „We don't know if the guy was telling the truth“. Leon looked at me like I was trying to take away this incredible breakthrough in the case we were waiting for for so long. To be honest, I was more excited about it than he was, I was just very good at keeping it in. 

We left late that night for Brentwood. We arrived early in the morning. We set up a lookout near his building. Around 8:15 am there he was, going to get breakfast. We spent that day observing him, getting a hang of his habbits. We wanted to know everything, when he left the appartment, when he came back, if he had any security.
Surprisingly, he didn't have anybody. We could see him through the large glass panes of his penthouse. He was by himself. We guessed that he didn't want to attract unwanted attention. He also dressed casually, he knew how to blend into the crowd.
We made a plan how to catch him. We would wait for him to leave the flat. Leon would go up to his appartment and I would be downstairs in front of the building in case he made a run for it. 
The next day we waited for him to go get breakfast. Surely, 8:15 am, there he was walking out of the building. We quickly took our positions, and waited for him. Ten minutes passed, and there he was with a coffee in one hand and a cheap pizza in the other, returning to his flat. The moment he went in the building, I ran towards the enterance with the gun already in my hand. 
I walked a few flights of stairs behind him expecting to catch him running down when he saw Leon. But nothing. I heard him get his keys, and the sound of the door opening and closing behind him. I was utterly confused, but confident. I knew Leon very well, I was confident he knew what he was doing.
I was running up the remaining flights of stairs when I heard a gunshot. I realised Leon must have broken into his apartment. I thought that was the end of it, but as I was coming closer, I could hear the sound of glass shattering. They were fighting inside the apartment. I hurriedly ran to help Leon. Just as I broke the front door open, I could see Kai kicking Leon through the glass panes of his penthouse sweet.
At that moment, the only thing standing between Leon's life and death were six floors of freefall. His life ending in moments to come, and he cannot do absolutely anything to prevent it. With his life flashing before his eyes, I wanted to make sure he lived that freefall the best he could. I wanted to make sure he would be at peace. I wanted to make sure Leon could see Kai's death before his own occured.

I quickly aimed my weapon for a headshot like he was one of those paper targets at a shooting range, and took a shot before he could even turn around. A single bullet fired precisely into the backside of Kai's head ended the largest, long lasting drug operation England had ever seen.
Moments after pulling the trigger, I could see Kai's body fall the same way Leon was falling moments before. I knew I had done a good thing, but I felt terrible. I couldn't, at the moment, grasp what had just happened, I just stood there for god knows how long. 
I snapped out of the long chain of thoughts I had just had, and realised I was still looking at my drink. Ice had long melted in my glass and I was staring at a glass of warm diluted whiskey.
I looked at my watch, it was now 11:45 pm. I didn't realise how long I had been there. I looked around and saw there was nobody in the bar but me and the bartender. He should've closed 45 minutes ago, but he was way too afraid to ask me to leave.
I got up, left some money at the bar, greeted him and left. That town, for me, represents an end to a long fought battle. Justice was served then and there for everything terrible that had happened over the years. It was a tragic, but overall positive ending to such a horrible story and I decided to never come there again. It was the last time I ever saw any of them - Leon, Kai, the terrified bartender and the town in it's entirety.
